and taking advantage of the conversation now with the husband of sandra valle and venting with the
police to the house she claims and pros transposed to a metropolis
In Portugal, it happened that she did not
she took the knife and also by means of tickets that defended me while in the
port the owner of the land
probably because why are you going to play
I hit her because she does not want anything else with them that I'm going to have to put up with
hospitalization
Because I'm going to work at night.
when I get home however it only comes home in the morning from bank
I was in the baby cabaret no
- I'm sorry she sent you ex-planet hemp I already got her
That's it
still in the cabaret
Now I'm going to work a lot of work on my belly button.
with a beautiful job at night she jumps from the cabaret liu has a people so much né o
time proved that she has a lot of people already viola many beautiful people a good week
maps said woman said about me told the pilot
and I already got it in there I arrived at the port work makes the house closed
I think pronaf's credit to the head of government works to become this
I was not confused at all and was promptly dismissed and
although to vote because you
in this new season
luanda angola will help the worker to be rescued until loading nothing
interested in cement, which is a challenge that will have on Wednesday
will try
according to the advice of her berto narration now the real madrid is
to be able to enjoy life with a high now even though I feel more tired and
pay women who often pay for it here despite
the knife that was damaged
there are deserts to comment about if until recently
now the first hour
this is not a penalty, so now you're going to claim that someone is
gift
what was a good and last year was a defeat of the academic not
has a specific date
but now with the approval of the law the house color sorocaba can never reverse the
ceiling of the goal now is that if the supposed farce she has no license to
to work
Putin said he will work and play for him to understand why not increase
the price is
still on the show when they meet at the place where we found it worked
in a table mentioned complementary
You're still very well.
half of this money would pass the fall of income matter set o brazil
got
like the sound more
Who is not if I'm being around all this time?
to make this measurement shock
there is no I do not think so
because it is the white house is here and will be resolved by the police delegate
josé da silva in his program without words